README.md, before:

# Masherbrum (K1) Printer

Project Masherbrum (K1 for short) is a Medium Format, Direct Drive, Fully Enclosed FDM Printer.

This is an entirely scratch design, based on the efforts of the "Hypercube Overkill Project" for the XY Motion System

Our discord server can be found here: https://discord.gg/MzTR3zE

BOM/Sourcing Guide for a 250x250x250 Build can be found here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1O3eyVuQ6M4F03MJSDs4Z71_XyNjXL5HFTZr1jsaAtRc/edit?usp=sharing

Frame Calculator: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OafYgwpRugKy69tp4yEFCRedxJVDkKtnEzjKQJuyjoY/edit?usp=sharing

# Stats:
- Fully Enclosed Design
- 2020, and 2040 Frame Members
- Insulated Build Chamber (Not Heated)
- Build Volumes of ~200^3 to 500^3 (use of whole plate available) + additional area to purge and wipe
     - Z can theoretically be 1m tall, just not fully supported or tested

- Direct Drive Extruder (Sherpa Mini or Ascender)

- Shortest Belt Paths Possible, 4 Motors, 2 Per X, 2 Per Y Axis
- Moving Gantry, Fixed Bed

- MGN12C Rails for XYZ Stationary Rails
- MGN12C Rails with 1515 Backers for XY Cross (Moving Members)
- 12mm Belts on XY Motion 
- 1204 Ballscrews or 15mm 3HTD Belts with Gearbox Motors on Z to lift the Gantry
- Heavy Duty Bearings
- NEMA17 Motors XYZ

- Minimal Printed Parts (ABS or ASA Required)

- Fysetc S6 Controllers with Klipper recommended, SKR1.3 and SKR 1.4 are also supported (but will be sunset with the next release)
- Mosquito Style Hot End Standard, Dragon Style Hot End Supported
- 24V Power Standard
- Mains Bed

![Image of Machine with Panels](Release_2/Images/K1_ISO_CAD_1.PNG?raw=true)

![Image of Machine without Panels](Release_2/Images/K1_ISO_CAD_2.PNG?raw=true)

![Image of Gantry Assembly](Release_2/Images/K1_Gantry_CAD_1.PNG?raw=true)

![Image of Toolhead 1](Release_2/Images/1800px_k2_r2_render_toolhead_lower.png?raw=true)

![Image of Toolhead 2](Release_2/Images/1800px_k2_r2_render_toolhead_upper.png?raw=true)

Commit message:

add STLs and edrawings for 60:1 Worm Z

README.md, after:

# Masherbrum (K1) Printer

Project Masherbrum (K1 for short) is a Medium Format, Direct Drive, Fully Enclosed FDM Printer.

This is an entirely scratch design, based on the efforts of the "Hypercube Overkill Project" for the XY Motion System

Our discord server can be found here: https://discord.gg/MzTR3zE

BOM/Sourcing Guide for a 250x250x250 Build can be found here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1O3eyVuQ6M4F03MJSDs4Z71_XyNjXL5HFTZr1jsaAtRc/edit?usp=sharing

Frame Calculator: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OafYgwpRugKy69tp4yEFCRedxJVDkKtnEzjKQJuyjoY/edit?usp=sharing

# Stats:
- Fully Enclosed Design
- 2020, and 2040 Frame Members
- Insulated Build Chamber (Not Heated)
- Build Volumes of ~200^3 to 500^3 (use of whole plate available) + additional area to purge and wipe
     - Z can theoretically be 1m tall, just not fully supported or tested

- Direct Drive Extruder (Sherpa Mini or Ascender)

- Shortest Belt Paths Possible, 4 Motors, 2 Per X, 2 Per Y Axis
- Moving Gantry, Fixed Bed

- MGN12C Rails for XYZ Stationary Rails
- MGN12C Rails with 1515 Backers for XY Cross (Moving Members)
- 12mm Belts on XY Motion 
- 1204 Ballscrews with Oldham Joints or 15mm 3HTD Belts with Planetary Gearbox Motors or 60:1 Worm Drive on Z to lift the Bed
- Heavy Duty Bearings
- NEMA17 Motors XYZ

- Minimal Printed Parts (ABS or ASA Required)

- Fysetc S6 Controllers with Klipper recommended, SKR1.3 and SKR 1.4 are also supported (but will be sunset with the next release)
- Mosquito Style Hot End Standard, Dragon Style Hot End Supported
- 24V Power Standard
- Mains Bed

![Image of Machine with Panels](Release_2/Images/K1_ISO_CAD_1.PNG?raw=true)

![Image of Machine without Panels](Release_2/Images/K1_ISO_CAD_2.PNG?raw=true)

![Image of Gantry Assembly](Release_2/Images/K1_Gantry_CAD_1.PNG?raw=true)

![Image of Toolhead 1](Release_2/Images/1800px_k2_r2_render_toolhead_lower.png?raw=true)

![Image of Toolhead 2](Release_2/Images/1800px_k2_r2_render_toolhead_upper.png?raw=true)
